# Time To Hit The Sack
### Ian Krupkin, Hannah Mandell, Chuck Rak

__Purpose__ Analyze the trends/sentiments/common words used on twitter regarding their club's manager and the effect of fans on whether / when a Football manager is sacked by their club. By also taking into account current team performance against how they're expected to be performing, can we see/predict when a manager will get sacked? It is important to understand the effect social media has on how clubs are run as it has become increasingly tied with European Football. We hope people will be able to get a real idea of whether or not their favorite club's manager is in jeopardy based on the information we provide, while also providing insight into how large of a role social media and public image plays in the decisions made by businesses.
 
Data: As best you can, describe where you will find your data, and what kind of data it is. Will you be working with spatial data in shapefiles? Do the data come from json files? Will you be accessing an API to a live data source? Be as specific as you can, listing URLs and file formats if possible.
Variables: As much as possible, list, and briefly describe, each variable that you plan to incorporate. If you can, be specific about units, scale, etc.
End Product: Describe what you hope to deliver as a final product. Will it be a Shiny application that will be posted on the Internet? Will it be a GoogleMaps mash-up? Will it be a package that provides an API to a live data source (e.g., twitteR)? Will it be a method that draws some statistical conclusions? Will it be a predictive model that forecasts future values of some quantity?
